This tool will not serve any good towards anyone who has a normal life.	 This tool basically does absolutely 
no good but to help a WebTV addict.  When this tool was first created there where more WebTV addicts and I 
had a better reason to distribute the tool, as of now when this tool finishes there will be nearly half of 
the people who I would give this tool to and make use of it.  I am still going to distribute this tool, I for 
one am not going to put all this work in the gutter but I will probably be more so surprised of what people 
will do to this tool such as store it in a nice place of the recycling bin or have it hanging on there HD for 
a year with no access.

I tend to expound on topics, any topics.  I'm sorry for this it may confuse people and it especially makes me 
look like a show-off which I totally object to and I try my best to not look like this.  I don't really like 
fame it something that blocks other potential hackers from entering with a good start.  When I first started 
out I was pushed to the side most of the time, the only way I could actually get accepted is if I show off 
and elaborate on topics more than I should making people confused and think I was a genius.  At that time I 
has almost no knowledge on WebTV or ANY computer related topic and I was surprised that people even called me 
a hacker.  I appreciate the thanks but I do not accept any high position that people have shaped me in there 
head.  I know this tool is going to do this, I am sure of it.  I am a bit objective to send this to people 
but all I want to say is this tool was made by contributions by many other people.  It is they who formed 
this tool and should receive credit which they deserve.

Third I must explain this crap about WebTV Hackers, yes HACKERS.  I don't know how the fuck some people don't 
call us hackers.  People who explore WebTV are not morons at what they do and are entitled to be called 
hackers if they so choose to be.  It's a insult to me to be not called a hacker and im not a wanabee I don't 
therories WebTV interworkings because of pure nothing but wanting to be a hacker I know I am one and this 
goes to every one else.  People who don't see the true meaning of hackers are afraid or ignorent of the term 
basing it on pure altitudinous power that allows a person to to do whatever he choosed with a network -- any 
network.  Actually I don't think this is anything close to the actual term.

Hack: To tamper with, find, or to define ways to move around blocks, bugs, or holes within a electronically  
      driven machine.

Hacker: A program or person who hacks and this person has profound interest in what he is doing with a       
        electronically driven machine.  A hacker is not always malicious.

There are a few differences when comparing WebTV with a computer:

Computer Now:

Can be arbitrarily programmed by the user who posses the computer
Can be expanded further to where the creator didn't foresee.
Can be set within almost any environment that it is capable of processing.


This explains- 
Any network device, Any OS, Any File System, Any BIOS ect.  Basically the computer was made to execute 
programs and the programs can do anything.  The first program is stored within Flash ROM.  Basically it is 
able to access any network and because networks are programmed in the correct way, access any workstation on 
a network which is open to the Internet.


WebTV:

Can connect to the Internet.
Can execute high-level programs (Java Script, TVML, HTML, dHTML)
Can execute log-level programs  (object files, machine language) (We can't control this without further 
knowledge)

Can dial any number (A/N)
Can access networks via non-proxy interface
Is able to access servers and execute CGI programs.


Human Beings:

Is able to logically figure out things around them.
Is able to do what is thought to be impossible.
Is able to physically hack a computer.

We have one thing to look at here and I hope I have proven my point.  Computers give us a boost for hacking 
widening our scope and computers allow us to have more of a diversity of hacking.  WebTV users are still able 
to hack but not as wide of a view than computers.  However we are hackers if you can prove otherwise with 
detail.  Lets not get dumb here the box is what is disabling us, the person behind the WebTV is intelligent 
and not to be categorized as a lower inteligence than computer hackers.  This is like comparing the president 
with the mayor at times the mayor can have more of a better experience than the president has with 
government.  A lot of former WebTV hackers have resigned the location of WebTV Hacking because it was to 
little for them.  All I can say is its a little world that needs heavy thought to reach the level of 
intelligent hacking we can't just pick up a program and become a hacker on WebTV we need to make the 
programs.  I'm the type of person who likes logical challenges and WebTV is just where I started with, the 
challenges don't get easly as the time goes along of course that's just the fun of it.   Its only when you 
jump into our shoes and walk around in them when you truely understand what a WebTV HACKER is.

But WebTV and Computers are not where all hackers are consentrated.  What I call a genious is a person who 
can 
do the impossible.  If a person can logicly devise methods that where never looked into before is a genious.
While the rest are just using talent riding on other peoples discoveries and finding new tricks based on 
nothing 
but past definition.

Everything I found on this computer pertaining to WebTV can be replicated with WebTV from PERL compatable 
servers.  Its allot harder but its compleatley possible even unencoding the Viewer Files but WebTV users need 
more knowledge to do this than computer users, however I'm not degrading computer hackers in this statement 
obviosly all hackers need extream logical view on what they are doing.  But is it possible to run executables 
on WebTV?  If this was possible we could do more things that we thought were impossible.  Under therory it is 
possible if you looked at how DOOM is loaded and the format of the object file.  WebTV is objective to 
running DOOM on the plus, maybe because its prone to expose the workings of the execution, or maybe something 
else who knows.



 